1. inconsistancy of character: for example language, suddenly knows how to speak another language
2. The character contradict themselves sometimes
3. Other chacrater knows my preivous thought/action before, I meet them
4. image generation
5. Duplicate name of character
6. The story doesn't always consider previous chapters or memory might miss the base facts, for example I tried to get a weapon in chapter 1 but failed with dice action. But in chapter 2 I suddenly have it without any reason back in my room.

7.The chapter gallery only shows the first chapter image after clicking other images
8.PDF issues (not done yet)
9. 429 error for image generation, don't need to be displayed immediately. Show it when it's being generated.
10. The chapter length exceeded 12 and still keep going

11. Mental status is not working properly, it's not showing all the involved characters in the scene.

12. Deplicate story is showing: The crisp morning air fills your lungs, and the ley-road hums underfoot, guiding you toward the distant Auric foothills. Thessaly Vorn walks with a new, grim determination, her map secured. Orrath, ever the quiet anchor, moves beside her. The weight of the re-mapping effort, and the dwindling time, presses in.

The crisp morning air fills your lungs, and the ley-road hums underfoot, guiding you toward the distant Auric foothills. Thessaly Vorn walks with a new, grim determination, her map secured. Orrath, ever the quiet anchor, moves beside her. The weight of the re-mapping effort, and the dwindling time, presses in.

Maybe wait until get the full story then show the actions?

Image generation consistency

Improvement: 
Adding background description about the world.
Portrait for each character.
Use the Protrait to generate consitant chapter images
Images can also picture the scene.
Action/fight scence will be prioritized as images
Some action/fighting scenes
Resend the response after enough credit for api call
Select and right click to generate a image.

Images of Items/invetory

Optional Idea: AI generated music

Generate character settings too, include personality.chracteristics.faction.occuaption, power, weapons or any other needed info etc. Consider this and memory for interactions.

The action options can be scrolled, the main story panel, is too small in smaller screen.

Items that characters carry are not only in inventory but also their weapons or important things to them.

Mental status is not working properly, it's not showing all the involved characters in the scene.

Improve the actions suggestion, sometimes there are too many duplicate

Story seems to be plain no twist. No villain etc. not sure.
How to browse past chapters.
Way to call eachother. Too poliyte distant etc